split Handler and Transport options for type safety (#8784)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

- Set error field as `record.SetErr` instead of a plain attribute in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otellogrus`. (#8776)

> - Split `otelhttp.Option` into `HandlerOption` and `TransportOption` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp`. (#8784)

Reviewer: Since `Option` has been changed, it is best to have a description that explains the breaking changes.

### Changed

- Set error field as `record.SetErr` instead of a plain attribute in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otellogrus`. (#8776)

> - Introduces breaking changes by refactoring `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` to enforce distinct API boundaries between server and client instrumentation. (#8784)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Refactor `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` options to enforce distinct API boundaries between server and client instrumentation. (#8784)
```

>   - The `Option` interface has been split into `HandlerOption` and `TransportOption` to provide compile-time safety for configuration options.

Reviewer 2: What about `CombinedOption`?

>   - Internal configuration structures were refactored into `sharedConfig`, `handlerConfig`, and `transportConfig` to isolate server and client-specific settings.

Reviewer 2: Internals are not important for the end users.

Reviewer 2: This is not addressed

>   - `NewHandler` and `NewTransport` now strictly accept their respective `HandlerOption` or `TransportOption` types.

Reviewer 2: We could also call out how the `With*` function changed.
